what we have to do is get
the Romanesque knuckles in what we come
doing right now is duplicating the no
we have to have two knuckles
organic and the time bomb that
now they see that they got it
this one is not used to choose
looking for the pump the time to grab
the time bomb then directly
look here they look like they come out they grab the
guama of the time to live they go
directly to the bank to double your
final clearly and they saw it in the
good title and what we have general
is to take all your money out of the bank bonds
what I already had to take out all the money
here it will not take up to 20 thousand and of
short for because I have 71,000 and they put
the time bomb where they hit the
win
think money there and then with the media
of fans hit you there they start like
when they lend Andean it's not like that they know
they start to take out everything that you
have I had in 71,000
and then doubled it doing thirty and
thirty -something because they charge me 100
points for each one provided
good terms to put all the lord
if they take their time and then like
we will see what will happen x
well here I put all the money the
last we let it go a thousand and before
grip receding time will have
his seventy-something thousand and he will continue
that
that is seventy-something thousand there is more
of 72,000 you had before giving them away
to anyone and empty and has its 31 more
we already have one hundred thirty and
so many in your case will be different and
all that and then there are favorites
intellectual that I very much and future
mind in assembling instructions
until the next video
it is known that they are doors
follow